hello you people it's Christmas Eve
we could actually go to the celebration of
day this candle
the here for the rest to one
year in this room is never
use or see how dusty it is
is and I want to be with you today too
no legs become commercial
I just want to do things
enjoy sitting here with you and
have christmas
I do not know if we are already covered
had or still have in the evening
Evaluate some things in the morning
some in the evening with some at noon
somehow different at each one though
our pleasure is now friends
friends I really thought
I 've considered how can
I give you something of what each
has and not just a single or
a few but all and the
Solution is easy you get it all
from me a self-knit sweater
my grandma with bear yes okay I know
that had been quite epic
but there is something better
I'll say that now I would
actually quite like right
make exciting
I have been meeting you last night as well
said that it is really cool and me
I do not think I have too much
promised
ok someday i have to say i was
really long thought and thought something like that
would be something really cool and then came
at one time we had friends
really a lot of fun like the last 24
days and then I already have it
read comments
and then I thought so does
It would be fun, too
now mega pity actually with it
to stop and so I got the idea
but just keep going
january every day is a video raushauen is
is cool today or christmas
changed friends that will be easy
a mega action we'll just see each other
every day go together properly if
My dream is you coming
home at noon and wanted to go first
switch off and then it should be one
it goes without saying that we
first a nice video
and that's exactly what I want
It should just be given to you
it goes without saying that we
see us every day and now sometimes
lunch from not only in the evening at nine
is the target says as I have pleasure
it you just write that in their
Daily schedule I would be more
We are happy to see you again
you would be annoyed at noon
first youtube and then we see
us so much for now
entertainment so four to five minutes on
day a little bit to come down
relaxed again and then it continues
and be honest you know each other
but anyway at noon word
calculator is not a detour anymore
if you only have time in the evening that's
no thing we are the youtube and
can watch TV, it would really
a great honor if you are me in yours
integrate daily routine
just like you would otherwise just teeth
I think that sounds clean
After a great plan I do not know how
you see if that is now time consuming or
do not let me be my worry
we see the thing more like that
Advent calendars were a mega spontaneous
idea I've indeed been a
Month ago thought made me like that
what does or does not want then
but with me just because I am
not somewhere 08 15 advent calendar
wanted to do
On the other hand, I have to go first
not so it happened that they did that
first door on the first of December at 24
started
that it's not so spontaneous
I can also go on that
it will not be for nothing
we see it now had better then the
Advent calendar was the alpha of january
offers the beta and afterwards with the
Project still happens
then decisive but I forget
even in a beta, there are still
bugs and glitches that's kind of like
unavoidable you might see me
really give me a lot of effort but I am
no god i am just a normal
human as well as with a small one
utopie do not be surprised if in the
january still a few things go wrong and end
in january we will look over it again
and then decide together like it
going on friends today is christmas
and that's about the biggest
gift that I could do
I hope you see it as such
others if you 're still upset
have a head if you still feel like it
that we continue to see each other every day
then that's the biggest gift we have
I can not do more than that
I wish you a beautiful
Christmas and we'll see you in one
few days again and if you still have me
what you want to do good then recommends
You will also find this channel further
here is the complete advent calendar
playlist and i thank you for this
great 24 days with you until then
It's all good is to
[Music]